good evening ladies and gentlemen today
we present you the book cloning Miranda
we choose the chapter 14 because we
think the chapter 14 is a part in
chapter 4 the whole book and we think
it's a good chapter to make animation
movie I hope you enjoy thank you
it's moco gets it from BBC with
interview of Chris Ruth aka Superman
how are you Emma's gone mommy's gone
daddy is gone so Tammy Chris have you
died on the night break oh no that
was a clone stuntman of me
he a clone oh yes was he as perfect as
you he was affected me yeah also my
broke neck oh oh you can go on with
living imma factors was identity Samba
virus and I'm going to eat you soon
really that is unbelievable that is
amazing haven't you hear that
Hey hello she really wanted to steal
before the operation she's upset I hope
you don't mind
no no of course not
here's an eyeful Hank I've just thought
about a name for you a real name
wouldn't Eve King Kong
what joke it's a joke I meant
erielle isn't there yellow moment yes
also but I meant area of the ten by
twelve Lex I just mean the name do you
like it mmm it's okay you're pretty
brave Jeff this operation that's what I
had to visit you I need to talk to you I
have a gift for you but we don't have
Christmas yet
my birthday is next year that's
irrelevant I want to spend you my Oliver
it will save your life in the future how
do you want to wrap it
I don't want to wrap it up which means
for as was an operation a gift is
wrapped and if a gift is wrapped it's
not a gift I won't accept it but I love
to serve you
you have to live for something it's
never you you have to be a real human
you have to do free choices that's what
humans do they do free choices yes you
can choose freely because this thing
there's only one way to live but it's ok
because we all have our own way you know
many people think that black people are
gangsters because the parents told them
they brought up with it all the people
are programmed in one way we're either
to have to figure out what that is
but when we are all foreign people we
can't choose our own way
I think we can't decipher it and you are
that programming no we don't have to be
all people can choose it there's the big
thing between born and brought up we are
a big mix-up we have to figure it out it
sounds extremely difficult and
complicated but I hope you take my liver
it's my biggest wish no I won't do that
and you can't change me I feel a feeling
that you want you yes I know you want to
do something but I would let you could
you sit you sit
of course you will leave this place but
this is over I will I'm June
at this point after all you will be my
little sister area you mean ziplink I
will be a little sister after all yeah
sibling I cannot leave sis this is my
home
you have to it's much better than here
have you have you ever been outside no
my home is here there's nothing you have
to be afraid of it's time to go now
tomorrow's a big day you are fulfilling
your destiny if not your gift I would
die now I have a good chance I think we
have discussed enough at least I do not
have to fear on being at the moment
that's right
you don't maybe I don't have fear either
take your pants Miranda
you